Documentation improvements (#4794)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: README.md

The local network simulation will create a full peer-to-peer network of beacon nodes and validators on a single machine, and run the beacon chain in real time.

> Parameters such as shard, validator counts, and data folders are configured [vars.sh](tests/simulation/vars.sh).

Author: This file is no longer present. Please try to step in the shoes of the user and try out all instructions in the README or the guide in practice. This will help you potentially discover gaps in the docs.

beacon node and 6 validator client processes, where each of them will handle 16
validators), but if you don't want to use external validator clients and instead
want to have all the validators handled by the beacon nodes you may use

> `DISABLE-VC="yes"` as an additional argument to `make local-testnet-minimal`.

Author: ```suggestion
`USE_VC=0` as an additional argument to `make local-testnet-minimal`.
```

_Alternatively, fire up our [experimental Vagrant instance with Nim pre-installed](https://our.status.im/setting-up-a-local-vagrant-environment-for-nim-development/) and give us your feedback about the process!_

### Visualising simulation metrics

<!-- TODO: Is this up to date? -->

The [generic instructions from the Nimbus repo](https://github.com/status-im/nimbus/#metric-visualisation) apply here as well.

Specific steps:

```bash
# This will generate the Prometheus config on the fly, based on the number of nodes:

> make REMOTE_VALIDATORS_COUNT=192 NUM_NODES=6 USER_NODES=0 local-testnet-minimal

Author: These parameters are still not supported. The Makefile and the simulation script need to be updated if we want to support passing them this way.

beacon node and 6 validator client processes, where each of them will handle 16
validators), but if you don't want to use external validator clients and instead
want to have all the validators handled by the beacon nodes you may use
`BN_VC_VALIDATOR_SPLIT=no` as an additional argument to `make local-testnet-minimal`.

By default, the simulation will start from a pre-generated genesis state. If you wish to
simulate the bootstrap process with a Ethereum 1.0 validator deposit contract, start the
simulation with `WAIT_GENESIS=yes`

```

> make local-testnet-minimal WAIT_GENESIS=yes

Author: `WAIT_GENESIS` is probably not supported by the `local-testnet-minimal` Makefile target.

```

You can also separate the output from each beacon node in its own panel, using [multitail](https://www.vanheusden.com/multitail/):

```bash

> make local-testnet-minimal USE_MULTITAIL="yes"

Author: I think multitail is supported, but it has to be activated in a different way.

### Visualising simulation metrics

# TODO: Is this up to date?

The [generic instructions from the Nimbus repo](https://github.com/status-im/nimbus/#metric-visualisation) apply here as well.

Specific steps:

```bash
# This will generate the Prometheus config on the fly, based on the number of
# nodes (which you can control by passing something like NODES=6 to `make`).

> make VALIDATORS=192 NODES=6 USER_NODES=0 local-testnet-minimal

Author: The `local-testnet-minimal` has similar parameters, but their names might differ.
